c:\users\abjal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\APIApplication\APIApplication\bin\APIApplication.dll.config
c:\users\abjal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\APIApplication\APIApplication\bin\APIApplication.dll
c:\users\abjal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\APIApplication\APIApplication\bin\APIApplication.pdb
c:\users\abjal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\APIApplication\APIApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\abjal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\APIApplication\APIApplication\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\abjal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\APIApplication\APIApplication\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\abjal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\APIApplication\APIApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\abjal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\APIApplication\APIApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\abjal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\APIApplication\APIApplication\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\abjal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\APIApplication\APIApplication\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\abjal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\APIApplication\APIApplication\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\abjal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\APIApplication\APIApplication\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\abjal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\APIApplication\APIApplication\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\abjal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\APIApplication\APIApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\abjal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\APIApplication\APIApplication\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\abjal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\APIApplication\APIApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\abjal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\APIApplication\APIApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\abjal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\APIApplication\APIApplication\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\abjal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\APIApplication\APIApplication\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\abjal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\APIApplication\APIApplication\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\abjal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\APIApplication\APIApplication\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\abjal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\APIApplication\APIApplication\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\abjal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\APIApplication\APIApplication\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\abjal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\APIApplication\APIApplication\obj\Debug\APIApplication.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\abjal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\APIApplication\APIApplication\obj\Debug\APIApplication.dll
c:\users\abjal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\APIApplication\APIApplication\obj\Debug\APIApplication.pdb
c:\users\abjal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\APIApplication\APIApplication\bin\APIBL.dll
c:\users\abjal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\APIApplication\APIApplication\bin\APIBL.pdb
C:\Users\Abjal\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\APIApplication\APIApplication\bin\AutoMapper.dll
C:\Users\Abjal\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\APIApplication\APIApplication\bin\AutoMapping.dll
C:\Users\Abjal\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\APIApplication\APIApplication\bin\DTOs.dll
C:\Users\Abjal\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\APIApplication\APIApplication\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Abjal\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\APIApplication\APIApplication\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Abjal\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\APIApplication\APIApplication\bin\APIDL.dll
C:\Users\Abjal\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\APIApplication\APIApplication\bin\AutoMapping.pdb
C:\Users\Abjal\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\APIApplication\APIApplication\bin\DTOs.pdb
C:\Users\Abjal\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\APIApplication\APIApplication\bin\AutoMapper.pdb
C:\Users\Abjal\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\APIApplication\APIApplication\bin\AutoMapper.xml
C:\Users\Abjal\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\APIApplication\APIApplication\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Abjal\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\APIApplication\APIApplication\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Abjal\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\APIApplication\APIApplication\bin\APIDL.pdb
